Hi there,
and welcome back to AWS Developers: Serverless Architecture and Monitoring.
In this module,
we're going to focus on monitoring and look at a few ways to
ensure your applications are working as expected.
Monitoring also helps when troubleshooting issues that may
crop up, and a newer AWS service called X窶然ay will help
troubleshoot issues with errors,
latency, or bottlenecks in both serverless applications
and distributed web applications.
Let's take a look at what we're covering in this module.
We'll start by looking at the X窶然ay service and
understand how it works from a high level.
Then we'll look specifically at tracing in X窶然ay and
understand the parts of a trace.
Next, we'll implement X窶然ay in our serverless application
and see what it looks like in action.
Then we'll create some CloudWatch alarms to bring
attention to any blind spots in our application and
ensure we're aware when things go awry.
Finally, we'll spin down our demo application resources once we're done with them. Let's get started.